# Privacy Policy

This privacy policy applies to the ToDo the Simplest app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by Masaki Shoji (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Free service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

**What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?**

The Application does not obtain any information when you download and use it. Registration is not required to use the Application.

**Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?**

This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

**Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?**

Since the Application does not collect any information, no data is shared with third parties.

**What are my opt-out rights?**

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device.

**Changes**

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to their Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2024-03-16

**Your Consent**

By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by the Service Provider.

* * *

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/) and modified by Masaki Shoji.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions, please contact the Service Provider at mshojidev@gmail.com.