# Terms & Conditions

These terms and conditions applies to the ToDo the Simplest app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by Masaki Shoji (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Free service.

Upon downloading or utilizing the Application, you are automatically agreeing to the following terms. It is strongly advised that you thoroughly read and understand these terms prior to using the Application.


The Service Provider cannot always assume responsibility for your usage of the application. For instance, it is your responsibility to ensure that your device remains charged. If your device runs out of battery and you are unable to access the Service, the Service Provider cannot be held responsible.

In terms of the Service Provider's responsibility for your use of the application, it is important to note that while they strive to ensure that it is updated and accurate at all times, they do rely on third parties to provide information to them so that they can make it available to you. The Service Provider accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, that you experience as a result of relying entirely on this functionality of the application.

The Service Provider may wish to update the application at some point. The application is currently available as per the requirements for the operating system (and for any additional systems they decide to extend the availability of the application to) may change, and you will need to download the updates if you want to continue using the application. The Service Provider does not guarantee that it will always update the application so that it is relevant to you and/or compatible with the particular operating system version installed on your device. However, you agree to always accept updates to the application when offered to you. The Service Provider may also wish to cease providing the application and may terminate its use at any time without providing termination notice to you.

**Changes to These Terms and Conditions**

The Service Provider may periodically update their Terms and Conditions. Therefore, you are advised to review this page regularly for any changes. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.

These terms and conditions are effective as of 2024-03-16

* * *

This Terms and Conditions page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)

### Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions, please contact the Service Provider at mshojidev@gmail.com.